Add K8S service bindings to PostgreSql sample (#271)
SteeltoeOSS/Samples: Connectors/src/PostgreSql/README.md

---

> Note: The provided manifest(s) will create an app named `postgres-connector` and attempt to bind the app to PostgreSQL service `myPostgreSqlService`.

## Running on Tanzu Application Platform (TAP)

> 1. Set up Postgres services for [consumption by developers] (https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Tanzu-Application-Platform/1.3/tap/GUID-getting-started-set-up-services.html)

Author: Thanks

## Create PostgreSQL Service Instance/Binding on TAP
1. Created a [Postgres Service Instance](https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-SQL-with-Postgres-for-Kubernetes/2.0/vmware-postgres-k8s/GUID-create-delete-postgres.html)
1. Create a [Postgres Service Binding/Claim](https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-SQL-with-Postgres-for-Kubernetes/2.0/vmware-postgres-k8s/GUID-creating-service-bindings.html)

> 

Author: Nope

## Publish App & Push to TAP
1. `cd samples/Connectors/src/PostgreSql`
1. Bind the TAP Workload to the Service Binding/Claim by modifying the provided `workload.yml` `serviceClaims` section with the claim name created above.
1. Push the app to TAP:

>   * `tanzu app workload apply <app_name> --local-path .\bin\Debug\net6.0 --source-image <registry-reference> -f workload.yml`

Author: Added link to Tanzu CLI Apps documentation.

1. Create a Postgres Service Binding/Claim
   - For complete instructions, follow the [documentation](https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-SQL-with-Postgres-for-Kubernetes/2.0/vmware-postgres-k8s/GUID-creating-service-bindings.html)
   - For a simplified experience, use the yaml included with this project: `kubectl apply -f ./config/app-operator/postgres-resource-claim.yaml`
   - Optional: specify a resource claim policy (for using resources across namespaces): `kubectl apply -f ./config/app-operator/postgres-resource-claim-policy.yaml`

## Publish App & Push to TAP

1. `cd samples/Connectors/src/PostgreSql`
1. Optional: If you created your service or bindings without using the included yaml, modify the `serviceClaims` section of the included `workload.yaml` with claim details to match what you created.
1. Publish app to a local directory, specifying the runtime:
   - `dotnet restore --configfile nuget.config`
   - `dotnet publish -r linux-x64 --no-self-contained`
1. Push the app to TAP:
   - `tanzu app workload apply --local-path ./bin/Debug/net6.0/linux-x64/publish --source-image <registry-reference> -f ./config/workload.yaml -y`

>    - See the Tanzu [Apps CLI documentation](https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Tanzu-Application-Platform/1.3/tap/GUID-cli-plugins-apps-command-reference-tanzu-apps-workload-apply.html) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - See the Tanzu [Apps CLI documentation](https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Tanzu-Application-Platform/1.4/tap/cli-plugins-apps-command-reference-workload_create_update_apply.html) for details.
```
